[MI-2890] Added documentation (#2)
Brightscout/mattermost-plugin-msteams-sync: README.md

# Mattermost MS Teams Sync Plugin
## Table of Contents
- [License](#license)
- [Overview](#overview)
- [Features](#features)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Setup](#setup)
- [Connecting to MS Teams](#connecting-to-ms-teams)

## License

See the [LICENSE](./LICENSE) file for license rights and limitations.

## Overview

This plugin integrates MS Teams with Mattermost by providing automated syncing of messages from Mattermost to MS Teams and vice versa. For a stable production release, please download the latest version from the Plugin Marketplace and follow the instructions to [install](#installation) and [configure](#setup) the plugin. If you are a developer who wants to work on this plugin, please switch to the [Developer docs](./docs/developer_docs.md).

## Features

> This plugin contains the following features:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This plugin supports the following features:
```

> - Connecting to MS Teams account using Device Code OAuth flow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Connect to MS Teams account using Device Code OAuth flow.
```

> - Linking of Mattermost channels with MS Teams channels and syncing of messages in the linked channels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Link Mattermost channels with MS Teams channels and sync messages between the linked channels.
```

> - Linking of Mattermost DMs and group messages with Teams chats and syncing of messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Link Mattermost DMs and group messages with MS Teams chats and sync messages.
```

> - Any updates done in Mattermost messages are synced with MS Teams messages and vice versa.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Sync Mattermost and MS Teams messages for any changes made in any existing messages on either side.
```

- Deletion of MS Teams messages is synced with Mattermost but it's not vice versa.

> - Syncing of posts containing markdown and attachments is supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Sync posts containing markdown and attachments.
```

    ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/77336594/226587339-050c35da-a0f1-47db-a15f-f8d5f59bf8cd.png)
    ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/77336594/226587366-2c4231bc-1aa2-42c4-b692-bd4441c71c34.png)
    ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/77336594/226588263-a7915e4d-d9ae-4294-9134-326628febdfc.png)
    ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/77336594/226588309-3202b78f-d87d-439c-967b-25ba8ed328c9.png)

> - Syncing of reactions on posts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Sync reactions on posts.
```
